Update the 9.0 APM Upgrade guide (#922)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/observability/apps/upgrade-to-version-90.md

  - https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/observability/current/apm-upgrading-to-8.x.html
---

# Upgrade to version 9.0 [apm-upgrading-to-9.0]

> This guide explains the upgrade process for version 9.0. For a detailed look at what’s new, see:

Reviewer: We're trying to stay away from `see` if we can, as it can be considered an ableist term. 
```suggestion
This guide explains the upgrade process for version 9.0. For a detailed look at what’s new, check out:
```
